Add dependency bumping doc (#432)
signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing: docs/internal/version-bump.md

# Dependency bumping

## Tracked by version

> This section is tracking dependencies that are needed to be bumped from time to time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes dependencies that require a periodical version bump.
```

| Dependency | Files | Bumping | Notes |
|-|-|-|-|

> | Nuget | .csproj | Upstream | Test packages might need to stay on a certain version. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| NuGet | .csproj | Upstream | Test packages might need to stay on a certain version. |
```

> | Nuget | .csproj | Upstream | Test packages might need to stay in certain version. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Nuget | .csproj | Upstream | Test packages might need to stay on a certain version. |
```

> | Github CI | ./github/workflows/*.yml | Dependabot | Bumps Github step templates |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| GitHub CI | ./github/workflows/*.yml | Dependabot | Bumps GitHub step templates |
```

| Docker | *.dockerfile | Dependabot | Bumps Docker image versions |

> | dotnet SDK | (CI templates) | Manual | Search for ```actions/setup-dotnet``` or ```dotnetSdkVersion:``` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| .NET SDK | (CI templates) | Manual | Search for `actions/setup-dotnet` or `dotnetSdkVersion:` |
```

| ASP.NET Runtime | *.dockerfile | Manual | Search for ```./dotnet-install.sh --runtime aspnetcore``` |

> | Gihub CI OS | ./github/workflows/*.yml | Manual | Search for ```runs-on:``` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| GitHub CI OS | ./github/workflows/*.yml | Manual | Search for `runs-on:` |
```

| APT | debian.dockerfile | Manual | Search for ```apt-get install``` |
| Ruby gems | *.dockerfile | Manual | Search for ```gem install``` |

## Tracked by checksum

> This section is tracking dependencies that are verified via hardcoded checksum value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes dependencies tracked and verified using hardcoded checksum values.
```
